Add motions documentation (#19)
JoinColony/ColonyFrontEndLivingStandard: archiecture/Motions.md

4. Reveal. This is where users reveal their votes to one another. Initially votes are hidden, and only in the reveal phase do users share them publicly. This is where the outcome of the motion is determined. Once all voters have revealed their votes, the side with the greatest number of votes wins, and the motion progresses to the Finalization phase. If not all voters reveal their votes, the motion will progress regardless once the Reveal phase duration has elapsed.

5. Finalization. Anybody can finalize a motion, and it can only occur once. The result here depends on whether the motion passed or failed. If the motion failed, then as far as the users are concerned, nothing happens when a motion is finalized. However, if the motion passed, then the underlying on-chain action will be executed. Once a motion is finalized, it transitions to the Claim phase.

> 6. The Claim phase is where anybody who staked the motion can have their stake returned. This applies whether the motion went to a vote or not. In the event a motion went to a vote, those on the winning side will receive a reward above their initial stake, which comes from the penalty applied to the stakes of those on the losing side. This incentivizes people to only stake / object motions that matter to them!

Reviewer: How is the penalty calculated? Could you give an example here, similar the others above?

Author: Nein, I don't actually know

2. As a result of knowing which phase the motion is in, we need to update the message feed to include the corresponding message. This cannot be done in the block ingestor, for the same reason as above: not all motion state changes are triggered by user activity.  

3. Depending on which phase our motion is in, we may have to perform additional calculations such as calculating staker rewards. For instance, if a motion is staked, but doesn't go to a vote, we need to be able to return the stakers their stake once it finishes. In this case, it will finish when the staking duration elapses, and so again, this can't be calculated in the block-ingestor. 

In summary, this lambda fetches the latest motion state from the chain, and if necessary, performs mutations to the corresponding `ColonyMotion` database entry to ensure it correctly reflects the current state.

Note: "state" here is being used ambiguously. On the one hand, it refers to the phase a motion is in. On the other, it refers to all of the data we need to keep track of in order to display it to the user in the UI.

### Block ingestor

> The block ingestor will also mutate the `ColonyMotion` object for a given motion. As indicated above, these mutations are event-driven. Whenever a user interacts with a motion, we can pick up the corresponding event in the block-ingestor and handle it there. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The block ingestor will also mutate the `ColonyMotion` object for a given motion. As indicated above, these mutations are event-driven. Whenever a user interacts with a motion, we can listen to the corresponding event in the block-ingestor and handle it there. 
```
